Update guides.mdx (#22877)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides.mdx

<Card title="Operator guides" href="/guides/operator">
Guides for validators and node operators.
</Card>
<Card title="SuiPlay0X1 guide" href="/guides/suiplay0x1">

> Builder guide for developing for the SuiPlay0X1 device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builder guide for development on the SuiPlay0X1 device.
```
